Azazel And The Three Horsemen
Three horsemen were watching the sun set
As dusk covered all with its shadowy net.
	Just then, with a crack! An imp appeared
	A wicked grin on its face as it jeered
At the men, so startled by this sudden turn,
an extraordinary event. “O little imp, we wish to learn
	Why you’ve come to this desolate location.
	A secret task determined our station
Upon this rocky ledge. But what about yours?
Are you here on some evil wizard’s chores?”
	The imp grinned wider. “Oh no, good gentlemen!
	I, Azazel, am a free imp! I brought you to this glen
To answer a question that’s serious
With implications most mysterious!”
	The three men frowned in unison, concerned
	That the creature had so easily learned
How to trap them in its nefarious biddings.
Nevertheless intrigued, they made a ring
	To surround the trickster, and sat down to listen.
	“To you three men I ask: What do you christen
That which tells the truth yet cannot speak?”
The first man responds: “I know what you seek!
	It’s an honest man without a tongue!
	A just reward for the songs he sung!”
The imp chuckled, but shook his head.
“A good guess, but as I have said:
	It is WHAT, not WHO that you need to christen!”
	The second man responds: “I’m in a position
To make an answer with utmost precision!
It’s the Word of God; the Lord’s decision
	Was to leave a book and not some vision!”
	But Azazel was quick to laugh with derision.
“Oh no no no, not at all a bad guess,
But it’s not the right answer, I must confess!”
	The third man sighed, then shook his head
	And glanced to the imp’s eyes as he said:
“I see truth in my reflection - how it burns!
A mirror’s the answer you want us to return.”
	Azazel’s eyes widened; jaw slack with stupefaction
	Only the right answer could produce this reaction!
“May I have your name, most learned sage?
Your reward is my service, surely a worthy wage!”
	The stranger, oddly, hung his head in shame:
	“O Azazel, don’t you remember? It is I, your Lord: I gave you your name!”
