Odysseus Meets Hades In The Underdark
Odysseus knelt to address Hades, sitting atop his glittering throne,
Cerberus at his feet, each of the hound’s three heads chewing charred bone.
	“Living takes a great deal of energy, and I am tired… so very tired.
	No matter how hard my resolve, I am completely caught; totally mired
	In a terrible struggle against myself… against the world. Am I required
	To carry on, holding up the journeyman’s banner? I once aspired
	To return home to my wife, Penelope. Nothing more I desired
	Than to hold her in my arms, and weep... for what was lost
	And can no longer be found.
But my efforts to see this quest through seem only to exacerbate
My terrible agony, and hers too - it is a terrible, terrible weight,
	And I am no Atlas to shoulder such a heavy burden
	Not without cracking, and eventually being broken
	By the inevitable corrosion of my will, piece by piece, in the ocean of time.”
Hades listened, sorrowfully, as Odysseus pleaded to be put into purgatory.
He wanted to help the poor man out of this torment most extraordinary,
But alas: there are limits even to a God’s power; his divine territory.
	“O poor journeyman, your lamentation does not fall upon deaf ears!
	Yet in this affair, my hands are tied. The great Apollo himself fears
	Your will and wishes to break it; to burn it; to set it ablaze until it sears
	Your very soul into a crisp, charred cinder.
You know I cannot do as you ask; your most terrible curse
Is to continue to live; to endure and to search, forever. Your Universe
Will be one of desolation, of great despair, and even worse,
It is your destiny to walk this path alone. Only that force most perverse…
Hope, continually pulling at your heartstrings, may accompany you.”
	Odysseus hung his head. He heard the words, and he knew his path.
	“Very well. I will endure. It’s what I deserve. But hear me, Apollo: my wrath
	will fall upon you like the Sword of Damocles. This, too, is inevitable. Hell hath
	never witnessed the furious vengeance I shall bring upon your heavenly abode.
My hope has died, but I have not. Prepare yourself! My search now targets YOU.”